POWERS



Active Powers


General Upgarde ideas for all powers: reduced noise, reduced time to cast, reduced power consumption, increased cast distance



1. BLINK: Blink a certain distance
	STABLE BLINK: Blink to within 1 tile of selected Tile
	PERCISE BLINK: Blink to the selected tile


2. Camera drone that you can throw a certain distance to increase your vision. It could last as long as you don't throw another one or change the dungeon level
	Upgrades: increased throw range, increased view range, 


3. Combat turret that stays in place and shoots at enemies. Could also block their path. Lasts a limited time.
	Upgardes: turret shots are silent, turret lasts longer, more health/damage/range/accuracy etc., smarter AI (starts out shooting random enemy, 	       	upgarded turret will shoot enemy that it can damage the most or something), 


4. SPIN: Turn a unit in a random other direction
	Upgrade: Turn so the unit's back is facing the player
	Upgrade: All units the player can see face away from the player


5. CLOAK. Could either be a thing that stays on and drains energy, or something you activate that lasts for a certain amount of time
	Upgrade: Reduced visibility ==> totally invisible. Increase invisibility time/energy consumption.


6. Move silently. Also could either be toggle or activate.
	Upgrade: Same ias invisible power. 


7. Put monster back to sleep.
	Upgrade: Make it so no matter how much noise you make, they won't wake up for a certain number of turns


8. Make monster flee.
	Upgrade: Increased time fleeing.


9. Make monster go berserk and attack everything.
	Upgrade: Make them only attack other monsters, not you or allies.


10. Berserk mode: Do more damage/move faster/increased accuracy. Maybe take more damage too, make more noise, etc. OR, you automatically attack the closest thing to you. 
	Upgrade: Negative effects reduced. Lasts longer. More potent.


11. Imbue weapon with status effect.
	Upgrade: Lasts longer. 


12. MOVEMENT TRACKER (ON/OFF): Increase accuracy/damage of your shots. Toggle on-off.
	Upgrades: use less energy. Increase accuracy.


13. Increase view distance/view angle. (Like invisibility, could be toggle or duration).


14. Increased damage reduction but reduced move speed
	Upgrade: negative effects decrease. Gets to the point of temporary invincibility. 


15. Heal


16. Force push all surrounding enemies back a certain distance
	Upgrade: Add damage, increaesd distance


17. Target push a single enemy back a certain distance
	Upgrade: Add damage, increaesd distance


18. Pull enemy in. 


19. Damaging aura the hurts enemies withing a certain range. (toggle or duration)


20. Create wall.


21. Destroy wall.


22. Set trap.


23. SLOW TIME. 
	Upgrade: Gets to the point of effectively stopping time. 


24. Slow enemy.
	Upgrade: Gets to the point of freezing enemy. 


25. Power for each status effect
	Upgrade: Area of effect, such as a bomb or a cone. 


26. Darken an area for a certain amount of time. 


27. Disable a light source. 


28. Destroy enemy equipment
	Upgrade: Steal the equipment


29. Generate ammo.
	Upgrades: Instantly reloads weapon as well. 


30. Black hole that sucks enemies in dependent on their strength. Either dmaages them or just keeps them from moving.
	Upgrade: Gravity increase. 


31. Track enemies that you've seen before even when they leave your line of sight. 
	Upgrade: Track any enemy that comes close enough to you even if you haven't seen them. ==> Track all enemies as soon as you enter the level. 


32. Move through walls


33. Stairs down is automatically revelaed when you enter the level
	Upgrades: For each new tile you see, a random tile gets the "seenByPlayer" attribute set to true. 


35. Reflect damage


36. Doing or receiving damage recharges energy/health.


37. ADRENALINE METER.
	Upgrade: Only have to be surrounded on three sides. Then two sides. 


38. Convert health to energy.


39. Switch places with enemy. 


40. Place time bomb. Make enemy into time bomb, explodes and damages other enemies. 


41. Bottom half of your clip does extra damage


42. Instant reload


43. Do more damage if you have fewer enemies in sight


44. Make a wall a grenade. Wall disappears and hurts adjacent units.


45. Harvest a wall for health/energy


46. CONJURE ZOMBIE: Summons a zombie ally for 100 turns max.
	Upgrades: Conjure 2 zombies ==> Zombie has double health and double life span. ==> Zombies heal and have no lifespan 


47. FOCUS: Do more damage/better accuracy when bellow 50%.





